Update readme (#122)
autonity/aut: README.md

7
```

The same applies to `tuple` types, giving a struct:
```solidity
struct Payment {
    address from; 
    uint256 blockNumber;
    uint256 amount;  
}
```
A contract call `printHeight` that accepts a `Payment` as input will be:

```console
$ aut contract call --abi ABI_FILE_PATH --address CONTRACT_ADDRESS  \
  printHeight '["0x31870f96212787D181B3B2771F58AF2BeD0019Aa", 183413, 1000000000000000000]'
183413
```

## Development

The project is managed using [hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/). Check the installation instructions [here](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/).

Hatch will automatically manage a virtual environment for the project. To run the command in development mode use:

```console
$ hatch run aut ....
```

alternatively, you can open a shell in the `hatch` environment by executing 

```console
$ hatch shell
```

To run all code checks (linters, type-checker, unit tests, etc):
```console
$ make check
```

Several test scripts (which invoke the `aut` command itself) are available in the [scripts](./scripts) directory.  They are intended to be run within the Python virtual-env, from the repository root directory.

#### Autonity.py

> The `aut` CLI depends on the [`autonity.py`](https://github.com/autonity/autonity.py) package, to develop using a local version of the `autonity.py` package you need to update the `pyproject.toml`:
> 
> For the `project.dependency` set the path to the local `autonity.py` project:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to make it super obvious that people can skip this section and not worry about it unless they need to develop against a custom version of `autonity.py`...

```suggestion
The `aut` CLI depends on the [`autonity.py`](https://github.com/autonity/autonity.py) package, and will pull in the right version as specified in `pyproject.toml`.

The instructions in this section are only required if you need to develop against a local version of the `autonity.py` package.

To support this workflow, you need to update the `pyproject.toml` as follows. For the `project.dependency` set the path to the local `autonity.py` project:
```
